TEDTalks are probably the most
internationally recognized public
speaking events in the world so we were
invited to give our first smaller
version of that with TEDx we were
absolutely thrilled but of course there
was absolutely no way we would do this a
traditional way see because Amara is
from Egypt he has to apply for visas
long ahead of time before he decides to
travel anywhere so unfortunately he
wasn't going to be able to make this one
but instead of just having Matt and I go
by ourselves we thought it'd be a good
idea to make this a true yes Theory
adventure by asking a stranger on the
street to replace a mine in the speech
and speak in front of hundreds of people
with us we had no idea of bringing a
stranger for our first big speaking
event was a good idea or not but
sometimes you just gotta take the risk
and hope for the best my regular
statement another day another strange
so he thought how baller would
a stranger they asked and ends up flying
with them tomorrow
we'll find it okay can i push you
something real quick
me and my two best friends were invited
to give a TEDx top and panel so for
personal reasons I can go any but we
have the option to replace splice so we
thought get a stranger to say yes going
on stage with these guys you guys would
prepare over there none of them are
prepared they don't know we'll buy
another ticket or Jasper whoever desmond
or it would be a really spontaneous fun
thing I'm an actress but I've never
given like a speech this is like my
contribution to the text and these
best-case scenarios in ten minutes like
what am I not funding this alright it's
currently 7 a.m. the girls should be
here any minute now
we have not worked out what they're
gonna do on freaking stage over just
she's just gonna stand there dude it's
gonna be such this is literally episode
live but this is a freaking pathetic
speech map this is our first in TED talk
we're just gonna be like here's our
speech and then oh here's a person that
we found on the street
he's freaking out I don't know why we're
not gonna have any time to prepare with
the scroller and when are we gonna work
on the speech with them let me get there
why the day hopefully we don't actually
sharpen impromptu you right I think it's
the fun part yes I've known for a while
you're doing a TED talk I've known for
under 24 hours anyone thinking about
inviting us to a future TEDx talk we
promise there will be a little bit more
preparation is my part in speech and
she's gonna kill it what here's a
dependent with streaming yeah this is
the furthest you've ever flown yeah
that's crazy
[Music]
alright Panama
10:30 p.m. and we still have a lot of
practicing to do for this speech so
we're gonna go to the room practice the
speech and kill it
do you have an idea what you want to say
yeah so I'm gonna talk about how we're
tribal species too and how we do things
in groups that's part of the reason we
get people to join us on these things
because it's more fun with other people
and waking up all of my space just but I
don't think I will win this one I've
always wanted to do one animals my fifth
day and like one of the aunts that it
was me
that's biggest actress at New Zealand
coming right at you all right name the
speech I'm gonna go do sound check and
then just yet are you stressing no so
here is the International School of
Panama Performing Arts Center where you
guys will be talking oh my god who
woulda thunk it I am Matt and I like
just that well then they're righteous
for the speech yeah I'm gonna talk now
all right guys so theories cool do you
get nervous for stuff like this one oh
yeah I get like butterflies yeah
it's currently it an hour before we have
to go up and I'm starting to feel a
little more stout all right you've been
called for sound check so we still don't
know what you're hungry man yes we do I
got that would offer written down on the
back of my script that I have my
audition for tomorrow the children who
happen still will be afflicted by
vaccine when was the last time you saw
it's a truly alive this from their roots
you want to make them feel what we feel
she thought it was crazy and really
dangerous
I just dropped the needle into my mom's
arm and I started doing the tattooing in
the color and now he's telling me Ezra
it takes artists years the filling color
like this it's not right now right we
got like an hour you never get 25
minutes okay can't believe we're about
to go up and give a freaking TED talk
all together one two three yeah
more discomfort than I expected here we
go
[Applause]
so when was the last time you felt was
the line on this stage today it was
supposed to be Thomas tonight and
tomorrow unfortunately a mark could not
make it so literally two days ago we
went out in the street and walked up to
strangers and asked would you take his
ticket to fly out here and tell your
story to this audience it is so much
easier just to be safe
so you don't need to worry about Thea
but I didn't want to do that and my life
I've had a lot of people to say who a
lot of people have tried that invited
why not ask for what you want in life
because what's the worst that can happen
you get a no but what if you get it yes
because I meant in theory I have decided
to challenge myself to say it's more
open and be bold and be brave and I
challenged
the next time a friend asks you to go on
a spontaneous adventure you'll say yes
thank you wow I feel I feel great I feel
fiery oh boy
all right this is literally never
happened to us
[Applause]
my new tomorrow sorry my replace what a
great birthday present or should I call
you
Fresh Prince you think we are scared
[Music]